hello everyone with you gemer
play toy shadow fight 2 this
great fighting game with original graphics
and with very cool tricks very
realistic also present here
just cool high-quality physics
I have something there now immersed
I look here at the record
the toy unfortunately does not slow down
I know why this is so
slegontsa not too much here that's so
we have a character we go are in
training hall and we are expensive
fight different opponents
toys are present weapons in which
we can buy equipment for weapons
our character, that is, these are
there are brass knuckles with spikes knives I have already reached
such saif also present here
look different weapons are gained
buy everything for gold also
weapons can be improved that is
have chosen weapons that have already been bought and
Squeeze the improvement naturally added
previous weapon damage is also possible
improve but for some reason only ask not
I know what it is possible to buy
armor a helmet and further there will be shurikens there
I still have some chips
reached
so here we have another skill tree
which we can choose two skills from
tree but someone channel one skill then
further bifurcation that is like a rare
gets upset and you can buy both
generally choose which bonus for you
better as there is a variety of punches
if you can learn them very well
fight and defeat your enemies
and then immediately there is achievement and well
now the very essence of the toy is
by myself and min
and such a fighting game which is present
several modes I mean, here is the hall
for training
here is a map of this
first pack
that is, there is a lynx here it is the boss
win already give a drink all
bodyguards and also like this others
hermit bosses then from the butcher and have not
each of the bosses is present
bodyguard let's quickly
consider going to fight and now I can
fight with the second bodyguard
this boss is such a healthy one
dude in this so spheres with so cool
called m brick i mean it's him
such a nickname so I do not know for a long time
loaded thing toy really slow down
On the record, I already tried everything in
settings but for some reason she doesn't want
work better i just really like
show you this game to you
necessarily and not missed those who are still
didn't play
throwing our enemy down kick it
double tackle in my here see the enemy
our wins very hard hitting him
very tough by the way with such brakes
in principle, you can also go cool as
already clearly visible what the enemy does if
prilovchilis to this you can win and I
now dropped the weapon ie the enemy
applied some special gift i dropped
their
king fights go on two rounds so
let's go out and consider another mode
surviving in this mode we just
earn gold that is then enemies
go one after another the more Europe
in a row you win the more gold
earn and life you have one
and
as if they are not replenished with each
blow you dial
evil its part on hard in my opinion
affects damage just like you in any
fighting games here are a lot of blows but by the way they
not so much as in some fights
4 button which looks more like
classic it's still a fighting game for
android devices but what good is that
that here everything is very adapted cool
that is, it is not some
slasher real fighting game with cool
animation and cool physics here
realistic jumps and kicks there everything
cool overall done how cool it is
got it all due to
brakes and I could predict it
This jump with a turn repulsed as immediately
same we rush into battle and this is impossible
this more than three help won
backlight
chick recited
I need to listen to the perfect class more often
playing this recording game is real here
it turns out the girl can not
and the men understood well, so I understand they are here
all the same already very tough with time
we become on the ridge I charged straight
from the sneaker the guy managed to get through he repulsed
my hit oops and now with a jump again
like this and background powerful life a little
highly
killed me that okay earned money here
such a regime for each will be spent
energy that is you cannot endlessly
fight is the biggest minus of the game
Well, of course, even the last mode is
tournament mode here you fight with
opponents that time after time
become more powerful and they can all at once
constantly changing, too, different from them
drove here this vulture is coming now
against us with knives but here pro if already
can't move in current
survival earns money there and
do your listening just
buy new stuff music
cool very very general fatin
very cool quality so swing
all and you will not regret it if you love
fighting games this fighting game one of the best I
I think well, and with you was a gamer
I apologize for the brakes of course but very much
I wanted to review this
awesome
play play and only good games all
Total
until